Update whats-new-in-office-365-atp.md (#4071)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/whats-new-in-office-365-atp.md

## December 2020

- [Secure by default in Office 365](secure-by-default.md)

> - Automated investigation improvements to:  general alerts for manually triggered email investigations, treat mailbox changes as a separate entity category, remove redundant URL block actions, and create outbound email clusters for user compromise invesetigations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automated investigation improvements to: general alerts for manually triggered email investigations, treat mailbox changes as a separate entity category, remove redundant URL block actions, and create outbound email clusters for user compromised investigations.
```
